My name's Michal Wesolowski, I'm from Poland,
I'm from the northern part of Poland and
I came to Bradford to Study here, Civil Engineering
and I went to Korea for a whole year, last
year I was in Korea for a whole year in Seoul.
I was studying mathematics and cultural studies.
The winning picture that I have taken, it
was at the beginning of my studies in Korea
in the first semester, me and other exchange
students, we decided we are going to explore
one of the national parks in Seoul, in Korea
and whilst we were getting to the top and
we reached the peak of the mountain and I
just stood there, and you could see the whole
city, and I just opened my arms, and that
was the moment that I actually fell in love
with Asia and Seoul, looking from the top
on that 20million metropolis was something
really, really amazing. First time when I
was in Korea, when I landed there it was really,
really hot, I was very, very tired because
my plane was delayed by 7 hours I think and
we were supposed to arrive like, 3:00 and
we were after 10:00pm and I was wondering
if there was anyone to pick me up from the
airport because I had no idea where I'm
going to go, where I'm staying overnight,
so that was a bit hectic and I was just there
and I was waiting for someone to come and
pick me up and after a while because I had
the phone number to the Korean girl, she was
at the airport but she was at a different
gate and she was waiting for us, oh thanks
god, and we managed to go to the place, I
mean it was really, really dark, so I couldn't
see much of Seoul, the only thing I knew is
big, really, really big city because it took
us more than 1 hour to get from the airport
to the place we were staying overnight. But
the next day when I woke up, I just saw the
place was huge and Seoul is more like kind
of a concrete jungle, not many trees, very,
very crowded, everywhere, so many cars. I
mean I really liked it at the beginning, it
was nice. A typical day, I was living in a
dormitory and It was really funny because
the dormitory is split into 2 different departments,
one is for males and the other for females
and none of us were, kind of like, not able
to go to the female department otherwise we
would be expelled from the dormitory. So until
9:00 we had the breakfast and cafeteria which
was in the basement, so we would go in there
for breakfast, then I had some lectures. Lectures,
they started at the same time as it is here,
at 9:00am and not later than 6:00pm. So within
this time I was at the university studying
or I was having lunch with my friends and
later on, we could do anything we wanted,
so either partying somewhere else in Seoul
or experiencing the culture. I am always willing
to go a bit further so when I was in Poland
I was like, I'm going to go to England to
study, so I came here, and then when I was
in England I was like, I'd like to go somewhere
further, so I went to Korea, and that was
very, very spontaneous because I never actually
thought I'm going to go to Korea, I remember
that day, I went to my friend to visit one
of my friends and she was like, "I'm going
to go and do an Erasmus program in Spain"
and was like "are you going anywhere?".
So I'm like yeah I'm going to give it
a go, I might go somewhere but I'm not sure
where. So I emailed the university, asking,
are there any presentations about the countries
where we can actually go and she told me,
you can come tomorrow but it's going
to be about, anywhere outside Europe and she
gave me that idea to go to Korea. So this
is the photo. All the people on the photo
are my friends that I met in Korea on the
exchange program in Korea and we decided that
we are all going to meet in Hong Kong for
New Years Eve and that was on Victoria
Peak in Hong Kong. The city is really amazing,
I loved it, Hong Kong is such a nice place.
The other photos, that was, at the end of
January, we travelled to Cambodia, to one
of the islands which I think is a must see
if you are in Cambodia. It is a Rabbit Island,
without Rabbits, and me and my friends we
decided that we are going to do some kind
of a tour and see the whole island. We didn't
have any maps, we just had like flip flops,
you can see we haven't even t-shirts, nothing.
Just flip flops, cameras, that's it, no
water. The photo was done, I had a stopover
in Kuala Lumpur and that's the photo in
front of the Petronas towers. As a Civil Engineer
I was really impressed that you can see such
a thing and me and my friends we decided we
are going to do some kind of a really nice
photo, so he was lying on the floor and he
was taking a photo so at the same time, it
looked like I'm really, really high but
actually I was like a half metre. But on the
photo you can see it's like pretty tall.
In February we went to Thailand. So if you
watched Hangover 2, you would probably recognise
the place. It's a really, really, nice place,
the water was amazing and the people and food.
The other photo is from the Philippines, she
was called Samantha. During the Christmas
time which I spent with a Filipino Family.
They took me to one of the zoos and they were
like "oh! that's the snake, you can just
go inside, you can kiss her". Now I'm
kind of a spontaneous person, I don't really
plan much in advance, like Korea was like
just before the deadline and I was like yeah
I'm going to go to Korea for a whole year,
and my family was like "where are you going?"
to Asia "for a whole year?" and I was
like yeah why not? Asia is an amazing place
to be, I think as a Civil Engineer and that
people I have met, they are always suggesting
to me to go to Hong Kong or Singapore, to
get a career, so I'm considering Asia as
a place to be. I met people from all over
the world, I learnt a language, basics but
I did. I think it's one of the most amazing
things you can actually do in your life. If
you have the chance just do it.